TW-585 old topic validate refresh 2 (#4165)
postmanlabs/postman-docs: src/pages/docs/integrations/available-integrations/microsoft-power-automate.md

You can configure Microsoft Power Automate with Postman to monitor run results, view team and collection-specific activity feeds, back up your Postman Collections, and use a Microsoft Power Automate Webhook URL.

## Contents

* [Configuring Microsoft Power Automate integration](#configuring-microsoft-power-automate-integration)
* [Add a team activity feed to Microsoft Power Automate](#add-a-team-activity-feed-to-microsoft-power-automate)
* [Back up your Postman Collections in Microsoft Power Automate](#back-up-your-postman-collections-in-microsoft-power-automate)
* [See collection activity feed in Microsoft Power Automate](#see-collection-activity-feed-in-microsoft-power-automate)
* [Send Monitor run results in Microsoft Power Automate](#send-monitor-run-results-in-microsoft-power-automate)
* [Get the Microsoft Power Automate webhook URL](#get-the-microsoft-power-automate-webhook-url)
* [Example monitor run results](#example-monitor-run-results)
* [Example collection and team activity feed](#example-collection-and-team-activity-feed)

> * [Example backup collections](#example-backup-collectionssd)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Example backup collections](#example-backup-collections)
```

1. Select **[Integrations](https://go.postman.co/integrations)**.

1. Search and select **Microsoft Power Automate**.

## Add a team activity feed to Microsoft Power Automate

> In the activity feed, you can track changes made to your collections and within your team. Integrating with Microsoft Power Automate enables you to connect email services like Outlook, Gmail, or a custom SMTP service. You also have the option to set up Twilio to text you when updates are made to your feed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the Postman activity feed, you can track changes made to your collections and within your team. Integrating with Microsoft Power Automate enables you to send these updates to email services like Outlook, Gmail, or a custom SMTP service. You also have the option to set up Twilio to text you when updates are made to your feed.
```

![Microsoft_flow_backup](https://assets.postman.com/postman-docs/msflows-backup-col-save-config.jpg)

## See the collection activity feed in Microsoft Power Automate

> In the activity feed you can view changes your teammates make to your Postman Collection. Integrating with Microsoft Power Automate enables you to connect email services like Outlook, Gmail, or a custom SMTP service. You can also set up Twilio to text you when updates are made to your feed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the Postman activity feed you can view changes your teammates make to your Postman Collection. Integrating with Microsoft Power Automate enables you to send these updates to email services like Outlook, Gmail, or a custom SMTP service. You can also set up Twilio to text you when updates are made to your feed.
```

> To see the collection activity feed in Microsoft Power Automate:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To see the Postman Collection activity feed in Microsoft Power Automate:
```
